Nice with wolves in the Sunday afternoon
of the colossus of the independence road and
I care who the real owner is
of the stadium different history colors
legacy size passionate repercussion but
chivas and black lions want the same
survive
and of hubbub and passion in
tribunes of the old stage to the fight
intense and the shortcomings of the equipment
who fight at the bottom of the table
percentage the soccer Guadalajara lives a
acute tension moment a moment
delicate the Ecuadorian Neymar is
find a bounce that shakes the nets
and also the hearts of two lions
negros y chivas plays to kill
or die
the effect of the word
with chivas in this law
the pope has to descend the power
in the town and on all the chivas
clouds a little rain and some wind
to feed with more touches of
melancholy to the stadium esplanade
jalisco chivas is more a come here to
prove that theory or check what
opposite but black melons put their
taste
its aroma its sounds and then the
soccer match that Guadalajara
establishes for survival
football goes up in tone long before
of the initial whistle we returned to our
stadium although they say something that there are two
Of cans
to these users
chivas and the lions and chivas descend
let me the decent plan turn on the
first
of branches to those who blacks why
we come black
besides having complied with the remarkable
career as a soccer player in mexico
alfonso sosa segre sado in law by
the university of guadalajara the technician
of the black lions of the u of g
he drives home he tries to make the
pressure and anguish do not reach
Family corner keep safe from it
his wife letizia and his three children is
a more complicated mission
what to do to win the team
on the other side of the street there is someone
sitting on a powder keg the chepo
of the tower knows well what is being
playing in the following weeks the
prestige of a large vintage team
powerful legendary and the prestige of
coach looking for a rematch
alfonso soda and the chepo will be saved
cordially on Sunday the anguish
began to be noticed a few minutes later
what does it mean for you to face chivas
in this theme of the decline are
rare situations different face
for example to chivas in conditions
where we are is
understandable because we got to ascend
that is, we have just one tournament and
little bit more and there is this volatility of
the professional question as any
another rival not them and with him with the
tournaments that have made them put them
this situation
that is unusual it is normal to see a team
with that trajectory with that hierarchy and
we know it's almost the eyes but it's weird
is unpleasant for the hierarchy of
chivas no and 2000
I live without thoughts and I try to
get from my spaces to be able to
coexist with people although they were few
always the coaches were
too flimsy we are too
fragile in situations that can be
present alien to what you can
prepare during the week to win a
better match was not missed
is what I told you a long time ago
we also receive this subject
we go to our house we are at first
division many times you have to do the
double or more so I can not beat you
what's around a game of
football is talking bad about a lot of people
our football and the one we can not
speak badly the truth is that I already
I visualize in first vision
I do not have another vision that is different
be that of course we see each other in
other circumstances
and in certain points where we are
one by one in Guadalajara and missing more
much more agony for these fans
much more fight on the court for the
footballers and much more suffering in
banking for coaches
chivas tried to take the least damage
possible in the rainy afternoon of soccer
which proposed the start